fix(color-area): correct value setting for 'v' and optimize ResizeObserver callback (#6048)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: .changeset/color-area-fix-value-resize.md

---
'@spectrum-web-components/color-area': patch
---

> **Fixed**: Corrected the brightness (`v`) value calculation in `ColorArea` — removed the erroneous `(1 - value)` inversion so that dragging the handle now maps correctly to the HSV brightness axis. Also optimized the `ResizeObserver` callback to call `getBoundingClientRect()` directly instead of iterating over entries, ensuring the component always uses an accurate bounding rect after resize. [#6048](https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/pull/6048)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fixed**: Corrected brightness (v) mapping in `ColorArea` so the drag handle now aligns properly with the HSV brightness axis. Also improved resize handling to ensure accurate layout calculations after component resize. (#6048) [#6048](https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/pull/6048)
```
